README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
💻 Full Stack Developer | 🚀 Software Engineer  
Trabalho com desenvolvimento full stack desde 2025, tendo preferência para desenvolvimento backend, principais linguagens **Java** e **PHP**.  
Também possuo conhecimento em frontend com **React** e seus respectivos frameworks, como **Next.js**.  
<br>

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/gabriel_mqc)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-mazzo-89b71a237/)

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gabrielmqc&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=gabrielmqc&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gabrielmqc&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gabrielmqc&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=gabrielmqc&icon=6&color=8)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section with English content
Updated the 'About Me' section to include English translation.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
💻 Full Stack Developer | 🚀 Software Engineer  
I've been working as a full stack developer since 2025, — mainly using **Java** and **PHP**.  
I also have solid experience in frontend development with **React** and its frameworks, such as **Next.js**.  
<br>

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/gabriel_mqc)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-mazzo-89b71a237/)

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gabrielmqc&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=gabrielmqc&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gabrielmqc&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gabrielmqc&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=gabrielmqc&icon=6&color=8)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
